well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
rebuilding history because that's a
major concern right now among some
people that we are going to erase
history by putting disclaimers in front
of movies and not idolizing certain
songs and cartoons or taking down
statues any of this stuff it is going to
erase history therefore we will not
benefit from the warnings of history so
we have to rebuild it we need to figure
out a way to appease those people who
are concerned about this because maybe
it's a legitimate concern maybe it is a
legitimate concern see that that's piece
of the Berlin wall off my keychain and
that wall came down at was history
history in the making
it was assembled - it was something that
showed the entire world that nothing
nothing no wall no concrete and rebar no
set of laws no unjust system will be
able to contain freedom freedom will
crash through anything
eventually when these little chunks were
spread all over the world yeah I mean
there's a little bit of a warning in it
but mostly was a celebration mostly it
was a celebration it was a way of saying
look freedom will find a way I don't
know that I ever really thought that we
needed a warning to not militarized
borders and put up walls on borders I
didn't think that was something that the
species needed to be reminded of until
the Trump administration so maybe I was
wrong about that maybe we do need
warnings fair enough
so let's figure out how to do it we take
down a statue of a slave owner right
well let's have the statue of an
abolitionist put up Harriet Tubman John
Brown somebody like that so not just is
it it serves as a warning it inspires I
think it's great idea if the government
takes down a statue of Jackson well then
let's replace it with a monument to
those lost on the Trail of Tears because
we need a warning because Americans are
apparently so lacking in
morality that we need a monument a
statue to tell us that slavery and
something called the Trail of Tears is
bad because we can't read that in the
book
we have to have a statue up see I
imagine this is not appeasing those who
say they want to preserve history
because they don't care about history
they care about a myth they care about a
national identity they care about the
idea preserving that concept that the
United States is without flaw that our
leaders are great we did some messed-up
stuff our history is littered with
mistakes and racism fact that's history
the monuments and all of this stuff Gone
with the Wind
it's a romanticization of history it's
it's mythologizing it that's not
actually history a disclaimer in front
of Gone with the Wind that says hey this
is romanticized we that it's not really
historically accurate portrayal that's
preserving history my friends so maybe
that's not what it's about maybe it's
not about preserving history it is about
maintaining that myth but the funny
thing about it is these people who are
saying this it's you know if we get rid
of all of the stuff that has to do with
racism in this country we won't have any
history left and then in the next breath
they will say that systemic racism
doesn't exist today you can choose one
you can choose one of those you can't
have them both if our entire history is
littered with racism is littered with
oppression is littered with horrible
things the system that came out of that
is going to have issues deep systemic
issues and they need to be addressed
that's where all of this is part of if
if you don't like hearing about all of
these statues and all of these examples
of racism imagine if you had to go
through your life and they were directed
at you that would probably be pretty
tiring
it would probably make you feel like
this isn't your country because this
country doesn't love you and watching as
a bunch of Americans leaders defend the
indefensible that probably makes that
feeling a little bit more pronounced
because you know for a pretty large
subset of the country it's true it's
true yeah we need to make changes
cultural changes because you can change
the law that's fine but but you have to
change the way people think too and the
laws don't always do that
popular culture does songs cartoons
movies statues yeah we have to change it
all we have to change it all I'll say it
we have to change it all too bad it's
what's gonna happen just so you know
that this isn't a you know if this is
going to occur it's a matter of when do
you want to be on the right side of
history or not
some of the stuff that occurred in this
country was horrible it was horrible and
continuing to mythologize it romanticize
it downplay it
it's just gonna lead to more problems
more horrible things we have to address
it we have to fix the door we have to
fix the door you can be a part of that
solution or we're just going to wait you
out the majority of Americans feel this
way and eventually you'll age out you
know so you can be that last generation
that held on to a bunch of antiquated
out-of-date and wrong ideas led by a guy
who couldn't learn without a monument or
you can help the country move forward
you can help create that country that
fulfills the promises you want to make
America great remember the thing that
made America the beacon of Liberty that
that place where everybody wanted to go
is because they got to watch as that
umbrella of freedom expanded it got
bigger and bigger and bigger and
included more people and and genders and
races that's what made America great
not bigotry not keeping people down it
was lifting people up that was the idea
that's why America has that image
yeah it's low it's painful but we're
almost done with the race here we don't
have much further to go and a whole
bunch of people just want to quit let's
rebuild history let's put up monuments
to those who change the country for the
better instead of those who made it
worse let's put up monuments to those
who make us proud rather than those who
embarrass us because most of these
people that we're fighting about right
now we're arguing over and the
government's and the city councilors are
deciding whether or not to take these
statues down at the end of the day
they're embarrassments they're
embarrassing to the country take them
down put up somebody who makes us proud
make America great anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good day